README.md, before:

# Lucien

Lucien is a refined, lightweight application launcher built with Rust with Wayland environments in mind. It prioritizes speed, minimal memory overhead, and a clean aesthetic.

![Lucien launcher in action](./assets/lucien.png)

## Key Features

- **Fuzzy Search**: Quickly find applications with approximate matching.

- **Favorites**: Mark your most-used apps for instant access.

- **Minimalist Design**: Built with the *Iced GUI* library for a modern look-and-feel and snappiness.

## System Requirements

To run Lucien, your environment must meet the following criteria:

- **Display Server**: Wayland.

- **Protocol Support**: Your compositor must support the *wlr-layer-shell* protocol (common in *Sway*, *Hyprland*, *Niri*, etc.).

- **Build Dependencies**: Compiling from source requires the [Rust toolchain]("https://rust-lang.org/tools/install/").

## Configuration

Lucien looks for settings in the following location: `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/lucien/preferences.toml`

## Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut	       |Action                                        |
-------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|Enter	           |Launch the first entry in the list            |
|Tab     	         |Select next entry                             |
|Shift + Tab     	 |Select previous entry                         |
|Alt + 1-5	       |Launch the specific entry (1 through 5)       |
|Ctrl + f	         |Toggle favorite status for the selected entry |

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Wachamuli/lucien.git
cd lucien
cargo build --release
```

2. Install to **Path** For easier access, move the binary to your local bin directory:

```bash
cp target/release/lucien ~/.local/bin/
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, you can check the logs stored in: `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/.cache/lucien/`.

Alternatively, run Lucien with debug output enabled in your terminal:

```bash
RUST_LOG="lucien=debug" lucien
```

Commit message:

More preferences.toml related documentation (#10)

README.md, after:

# Lucien

Lucien is a refined, lightweight application launcher built with Rust with Wayland environments in mind. It prioritizes speed, minimal memory overhead, and a clean aesthetic.

![Lucien launcher in action](./assets/lucien.png)

## Key Features

- **Fuzzy Search**: Quickly find applications with approximate matching.

- **Favorites**: Mark your most-used apps for instant access.

- **Minimalist Design**: Built with the *Iced GUI* library for a modern look-and-feel and snappiness.

## System Requirements

To run Lucien, your environment must meet the following criteria:

- **Display Server**: Wayland.

- **Protocol Support**: Your compositor must support the *wlr-layer-shell* protocol (common in *Sway*, *Hyprland*, *Niri*, etc.).

- **Build Dependencies**: Compiling from source requires the [Rust toolchain](https://rust-lang.org/tools/install/).

## Configuration

For a complete starting point, you can find a reference template in the repository: [assets/preferences.toml](https://github.com/Wachamuli/lucien/blob/main/assets/preferences.toml)

Lucien looks for settings in the following location: `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/lucien/preferences.toml`

## Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut	       |Action                                        |
-------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|Enter	           |Launch the first entry in the list            |
|Tab     	         |Select next entry                             |
|Shift + Tab     	 |Select previous entry                         |
|Alt + 1-5	       |Launch the specific entry (1 through 5)       |
|Ctrl + f	         |Toggle favorite status for the selected entry |

You can redefine any of the default keyboard shortcuts within the [keybindings] section of your preferences.toml. For example:

```toml
[keybindings]
go_previous_entry = { key = "k", modifiers = ["control"] }
go_next_entry = {key = "j", modifiers = ["control"]}
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Wachamuli/lucien.git
cd lucien
cargo build --release
```

2. Install to **Path** For easier access, move the binary to your local bin directory:

```bash
cp target/release/lucien ~/.local/bin/
```

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues, you can check the logs stored in: `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/.cache/lucien/`.

Alternatively, run Lucien with debug output enabled in your terminal:

```bash
RUST_LOG="lucien=debug" lucien
```
